"Of course you can choose the style and design of your brain, " she whispered. He was in the assembly -line factory of the brain PieschenRobotics. We wrote the year AnnoDomino2056. PaulaBerta coordinated the BrainDesign at PieschenRobotics. Shortly, this brain would merge with his body and the suspension into the environment. PieschenRobotics was known for its reliable humanoid RealLife - AvaTar's, populating the whole PlanetEarth and enjoyed with great popularity. Before the blood rushed into his new body and soul, he could choose  the DreamAge to which he would be incorporated. How would have That the DistrictOfPieschen one of the international centers for RobOt'it became  would be, for most citizens inside AnnoDomini2012 still been hard to imagine. It was PieschenRobotics already AnnoDomini2010 led by GregoryFightworth in the PortFolio of EastSaxonianVentures been received and has since had his investment 'include, not disappointed. The success story of PieschenRobotics started AnnoDomini2010 in the FutureTemple in the "HauptStaedtchen2 of SiSanien. The FutureTemple hid behind the facade of a simple house. But behind the doors, a hidden gem of sumptuous grace unfolded: Built was the future temple AnnoDomini1873 as a BallRoom. AnnoDomini2010 had PieschenBank opened their first store here. Thus began a success story in the TwentyFirstCentury that was without precedent: the PieschenBank laid the foundation for a new global monetary and economic system, so simple trustworthy and effective that it was replaced within a few years, not only between companies but entire nation state 's deprived of their function. Money was now coupled to a WebOfTrust, the participants were able to give themselves entirely without influence bureaucracies solidified their own rules of action, swapping and controlling. It's beginning had not been without hurdles: Against bitter opposition of the Ministry of Finance and Science Ministry could prevail. What started as a game, unleashed a viral dynamics within a few weeks: The exchange rate of KayGroschen yet reached AnnoDomini2012 parity with the EuRo. From then on it was clear that money finally turned into pure information. And this information is circulated from now on, just as publicly to PlanetEarth as a few decades previously, the WorldWideWeb demonstrated.