 * IsA: PerSon
 * BornIn: 1990
 * BirthDay: 04-08
 * HomePage: http://waj-koenitz.wikispaces.com/
 * HomeStead: HeinrichSchuetzStrasse20
 * FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/johann.koenitz
 * XingLe: https://www.xing.com/profile/Johann_Koenitz
 * TwittEr: https://twitter.com/WAJKoenitz
 * GooglePlus: https://plus.google.com/101345200705165521193
 * ParteiWiki: UnParteiWiki
 * CurrentProject: KnotNet UnPartei
 * PastProject: DasBewusstsein
 * KinderWunsch: 80%
 * WikiMail: RtFw SingularBachelor TraumFirma LockSchuppenWikiTalk UnTaler WorkForShares

 * RaWa: Die PieschenBankApp ist jetzt (fast) so weit entwickelt, dass eine vollständige JohannTaler-umwandlung in KayGroschen MoegLich wäre.

 * JoKo: FreiGesellschaft
 * RaWa: Können wir noch ein NationState-artiges "Wir" konstruieren? Und die grösste pragmatische Herausforderung: GermanLanguage. As long as you stick to GermanLanguage, you might not find the GlobalResonance that is required to enter the NooSphere.
 * JoKo: For me it is not about the NationState but about people's identity. We should overcome the NationState. It's a wrong doctrine. But what is not wrong is DemoCracy, which means that people have the right to decide on them selves. This is about growing up as ManKind. We know we can talk to each other and we live mostly peacefully together in one big MindFamily. This doesn't mean we can't decide to participate in what we want. All we need is a SocialContract that we accept each other as a TransHuman being with HumanRights and GlobalPeaceTreaty. And what do you think is also possible for the UnitedPeoplesOrganisation? Or do we have significant failures in our arguments?
 * RaWa: EntScheid: check your WikiMail and StimmAb about MindTower

deprecated:
https://plus.google.com/105229137547324560010
http://de.wajkoenitz.wikia.com/wiki/Benutzer:Johann.koenitz