=2011-09-28:1541 L:ElsterWeg =

NextAction FirstThingsFirst BohrPlattform
LockSchuppenOpening

NamLab

HighArt CLeanArt BigArt

SixSigmaArt

@IbrahimAjami RayKurzweil ZigaTurk: would you like to be TrauZeuge
of my HochZeit with HKMorgenstern in a LeadingEtch CleanRoom of SiliconSaxony?

KeWo BalanciereDeLaYve

wir in ZuKunft mit dem PowerWomanCoach knistern will muss ihn liken 

=2011-09-27:2116 L:BfNeustadt=

BrainStorm: SchmollWeib IbrahimPlan SemiCon PieschenBank LostSun
FabViewBet LightsOut LightsOff FabOff BohrPlattform

PhoneIsDead
Seit etwa AnnoDomino2011 hat RainerWasserfuhr sein TeleFon
im RegelFall abgeschaltet. Mobiles InterNet reicht voellig aus.

PrivacyIsDead
Seit etwa AnnoDomino2011 vermeidet RainerWasserfuhr
Ausserdem gilt eine ThreeStrikes-Regelung:
Wer von ausser zur LiebesAnbahnung oder BeziehungsBewaeltigung
ueber einen PriVat'en KommunikationsKanal (sei es TeleFon
FbMessage

Zulaessige Ausnahme:
* restarbeiten bei GlobalSubmarines

* aber auch an dieser Front laufen intensive Experimente.
Vorkehrungen, um ueber das Zwischenstadium der PostPrivacy
schneller EndLich


=2011-09-26:1903 L:NebenBank=

UlliGulli LifeWiki WikiPedia
Der Grund fuer meine ScheinBar MarOtte'n artige ObSession fuer
BinnenMajuskel: Nachdem ich schon begeisterte ErFahrnungen mit
WikiPedia, den StadtWiki's von KarlsRuhe und der StadtDresden und 
rund 50 weiteren WiKi's
gesammelt hatte, begann ich AnnoDomini2007 mit dem AufBau
meines LifeWiki's, dessen Ziel es ist, LangFristig ein MoegLich'st
umfassendes AbBild meines GeHirn's zu schaffen.
Bis AnFang AnnoDomino2011 waren es ueber 13000 WikiPage's.


=2011-09-26:0800 L:TraumWohnung=

DdUn UlliGulli TSystemsMms WeinFest MarkZuckerberg

SaLoppe: augenblick der problemloesung am ZigarettenAutomat.
Dann erklang aus ihrem Mund ein Schlager.
Es war der Bruchteil einer Sekunde - als er Verbundenheit
empfand 

WeinFest: TraumFrau - Die masse stroemt: Das weib fuer den Winter ist erobert
Ausserdem die bastion buergerlicher Identitaet.
MatthiasRoesler

Es gibt nur noch zwei klassen von menschen: solche mit und ohne
InterNet in der HosenTasche. #FlatRaeteRepublik

=2011-09-24:1851 L:PieschenHarbour=

SemanticSixSigma MulgaraServer DdWrt ProofOfWork GitScm PieschenBank KronenSchloss NeunEinDrittelWochen JfSchlinck SchwangerSchaft GlobalWafer NeuDe PuroBeach  RayInDresden LightMyFire FurBy FuehrungsFrage Funchal KinderWunsch SemperOpernBall TillSchweiger ChristianWulff TaschenBerg IhBay EiPad WunderKind HochBegab MontessoriSchule ReflektionsBericht TraumWohnung MonoGam LeGo FabOne

=2011-09-17:1330 L::TraumWohnung=

PieschenRobotics WolleFoerster QuotenTuerke


=2011-09-17:0017 L:LinieDreizehn=

MindMove:
on to from
:0014 AltPieschen NordBad 
:2234? NordBad ListStrasse
:2214 ListStrasse FabOne

RedBlueFee KirscheLavendel DiplomArbeit TheChart
Ulrich LegsShoesAndCigarettes PowerLaw CaterinaFake OostEinde
FlickR GlobalFounries BuenosAires NewZealand SlUb
NachtbarKlax MindSearch AlphaBet ClickQuest
DelIcioUs FaceBook MarkZuckerberg LeWeb
IrisSchilke ChristineSchlinck MartinRoell
DerBaum SylkeSchulz? PaffGrotte



=2011-09-16:2218 ALiTa81=

GlaesernUnternehmen BootStrap HoerBuch

CarenLust.
Wir regieren uns selbst.
Alle Regeln, nach denen wir spielen, kommunizieren und verhandeln
wir ueber DasNetz. Im InternetParlament werden die
weltumspannenden Regeln verhandelt.
Alle BuergerInnen koennen GesetzesVorlage'n in jeder
MutterSprache einreichen, die binnen Minuten in
jede WeltSprache UeberSetz't werden.
Dinge wie EigenTum sind uns fast voellig fremd.
Wer etwas fuer DasNetz schafft, schafft es fuer JederMann,
uneingeschraenkt und ZeitLos bis in eine jede MoegLich'e
EwigKeit. Einer unserer angesehensten Denker, KevinKelly
hat DasNetz daher auch mal "TheOne" getauft.

Wir haben abertausende von ProGram'mierern, die ProGram'me 
fuer DasNetz schreiben. Binnen weniger Minuten werden
sie von anderen ProGram'mmierern, SicherHeit's-koryphaeen
und DatenKunst-experten begutachtet und auf abertausend
KleinRechner'n installiert. In WindesEile koennen wir
abschaetzen, wieviel MagnetSpeicher wir fuer die anfallenden
Daten benoetigten. Durch ausgekluegelte Verfahren verteilen wir
sie ueber alle ZeitZone'n hinweg.
Wir haben auch schon begonnen, kleine TonAufnahme'n und Filme 
einzuspeisen. Kreative Liebhaber der FilmKunst schaffen
aus den einzelnen sequenzen ganze ReMix'Turen.

=2019-09-16:1930 L:PisoCube =

OpenCog ThoughtsPerSecond

=2019-09-15:1055 L:RvdBus328 =

started BlackBus


=2011-09-14:2030 L:DvbBus81=

LearningByTeaching

This is how the TraumFirma will be organized:
Before BreakEven, a series of JobSession's will
be held.

With each JobSession,
 * the number of possible participants shall increase
 * the cost to acquire talend shall decline,
 * the KnowLedge about the BusinessModel of the TraumFirma shall be spread across MiNd's
 * the neccessity of FaceToFace shall decrease in favor of LearningOnline and TelePresence

Of let's say a "one-of-the-next-BigFive" consultancies (ThinkBig).

For practical and regional reasons, our very first LaserFocus
will be on the SemiConductor industry, but the princip

=2011-09-14:0909 L:RaumAmsterdam=

FabShow TotHolz

=2011-09-10:1201 L:TraumWohnung=

Wenn also gefuehlte 80% aller erwerbstaetigen
nun merken, dass nicht nur das OrgChart ueber 
ihnen, sondern geHassLiebe'te VaterLand
InStabil wird, dann wird es an der 

=2011-09-08:0306 L:TraumWohnung=

Es wird dann Maschinen geben, die in der lage sind, die prozesse in einem GeHirn immer genauer
zu simulieren.
Dinge, die das menschliche GeHirn nicht kann, wie zb 
mit grossen zahlen rechnen oder grosse datenmengen zu erinnern, werden dann
mit diesen GeHirn-simulationen verschmelzen und eine heute kaum
vorstellbare geistige leistung freisetzen.
Letztenendes steht der WeLt also eine IntelligenceExplosion
bevor, auf die wir uns mit höchsten anstrengung vorbereiten
sollten.

=2011-09-04:1157 L:TraumWohnung=

wrote KunstSystem.

=2011-09-01:2238 L:BuechersBestSims=

plaudere mit MuskatZwo ueber FirstThingsFirst.

versuche eine erste Beantwortung der_Frage:
WasIstAufklaerung?

GretChen sitting InSide BuechersBest while HeinRich has deep GrothenGrummel (SeeAlso GrothendieckAxiom).

IntEl4004!! 
 * complete MaskSet
 * complete ProcessLayerStack
 * complete InstructionSet

DoIt: DeSign VeriLog.

=2011-09-01:1022 L:DvbLinie81=

uuh, AppEngineQuota now 50k DataStore operations per day... sharp decrease?
The other quotas seem to be fair and uncritical.

Remember the reason of the whole endevour around BigTableNomic
and SingularVille: Creating a MindMachine:
Use the WorldWideWeb as a first EmbodiMent of the NewMind.
The RootHandler is the reflex of reacting to the
outside WorLd.
Create NooPOlis to have reliable representations of TruePeople.
Create PieschenBank to have reliable representations of
currency, PayMent and StockExchange.
Create the GlobalGrid as a first instance of a WorldModel.

=2011-08-30:0250 L:FabVillage=

EnterpriseWiki KnowledgeIntensive TeamWork
TransParent PlusTwentyPercent OrgChart WoZu
NachHaltig LaserFocus DeadLine

=2011-08-28=

FluegelChen

RosiesAmuesierlokal PieschenBank RaGu

=2011-08-26:2003 L:PieschenPeninsula=

MindBroker helps your KnowledgeIntensive EnterPrise to
TransForm into the DigitalEconomy.

Our market is driven by SocialGame's:
We start by developing BrowserGame's for different industries,
embedded in a rich EcoSystem for
education, entertainment.


TraumStadt, we StartSimple with an existing appartment
and turn it into 

HotelKronentor

=2011-08-24:2028 L:ChardinBank=

KnisterRace: WhoNext? - interesting TestCase for NewMind:
DatingAgent with PrefMatrix. Has very ComPlex ReQuire'ments:
Conditional ProBab'ilistic scenario building, 
RouteScheduling, anticipation of emotional physical and
psychic conditions.

Had a short fear that SchnueffChen YesterDay would UnderStand
my BamAg posting as an aggro insult - but ToDay she liked it ;)

=2011-08-24:0910 L:RaumAmsterdam=
 
stelle TeePea meine draft tweet komposition vor: 
WasJaAuchGarNichtMehrGeht: FuehrungsKraft in einem HighTech-UnterNehmen aber 
TotHolz-tablet (aka "kladde").

=2011-08-23:2303 L:WestBankN=

schnacked with KarlBuechel about GlobalManifest


=2011-08-23:1855 L:AlaunPark=

==BusinessModel==

As of AnnoDomino2011 the ConCept'ual space spanned not only by SingularAcademy 
but also by FabVille FutureLab2056
InnoBay LockSchuppen MindBroker NooSphere PieschenBank PieschenRobotics PieschenTv
SingularAcademy SingularVille WikiWall EtCetera might appear to some superficial observers 
as a weird collection of NonProfit ProJect's. But behind all this is a plan.

AnnoDomini1973 a talented  young film maker 
compiled a 14 page manuscript and sent it to two mayor film studios.
It almost bogus like fights lasersword and robots.
As of AnnoDomino2011 this accumulated a wealth of over 20 000 000 000 UsDollar
GeorgeLucas.

Founded in unspectacular appartment 
Turning the CityOfDresden and SiliconSaxony into a modern SaGa that will
change the World.
Grounded in the designed to infiltrate the WorLd with.

Just imagine that the over 70 000 000 active users of FarmVille would
find a place in the RealLife WorLd to grow fruits and vegetables,
herd sheep.
This is the aspiration of TheNooSphere.

So it would be HelpFul to TransForm all this into growing business that enables
it's members to make a living from it, if not more.

RainerWasserfuhr estimates that only 3 or 4 more months
of focussed ProGram'ming will be necessary to get the machine off 
the ground, enabling him to earn his daily expenses UnTil2012.

The game mechanics described above will be centered around
At FabVille you will be able to .

We will establish the SingularAcademy as a LeadingEtch educational institution.
We will find and found EnterPrise's that will appreciate
the skills gained at SingularAcademy.
We bet that the number of ChipWafer's you have produced
at FabVille will be recognized by the HumanRessources
divisions of leading SemiConductor foundries.
We will grow highly skilled teamplayers that are trained with 
SocialMedia and a MindSet to succeed in dynamic 
KnowledgeIntensive global markets.
Our BigTableNomic developers will create the next SapAg of the 
Gamified EnterpriseResourcePlanning of the coming TransParent
WorldEconomy.

By buying KayGroschen. The constant MoneySupply.
Both BitCoin and the LindenDollar from SecondLife are a working
RoleModel for this.


So for example "SemperOper" is a MindPattern that is strongly ConNect'ed to 
a physical MindBuilding on the TheaterPlatz in the CityOfDresden.
It can be identified in space and time.
It can be described in relationship to other SpacialThing's with a 
qualitative ("far" "near") or quantitative distance (500m).
It is also the basis for a MindLogo that can be observed on posters
for SemperOperBallett.
At this early stage our task is to collect a solid number
of these MindPattern.
Often when you talk to RainerWasserfuhr, your 
will be logged in the.

Soon you should be able to visit SingularVille with your
WebBrowser or SmartPhone and chat with RainerWasserfuhr
and other staff and students of SingularAcademy.
With your AvaTar you will stand in front of the WikiWall
and elaborate on concepts connection ideas and ProJect's
with RalfLippold EtAl.

At SingularAcademy MindMachine
IntelLigence that is capable to mimic the complete behaviour
of a HuMan.

To test this DigitalTwin we create a WebBased VirtualWorld.

We start with a simplistic IsoMetric layer that is implemented
with JavaScript with a consequent MobileFirst strategy.
. Lateron this PlatForm might grow into
more advanced graphical enviroments like GoogleEarth or SecondLife.
These PlayGround's 

GlobalGrid.

DigitalTwin. In the years UnTil2029 it is highly ProBab'le
that MooresLaw will continue at it's current speed and 
deliver us technologies with even smaller gadgets
that will help enable us to create a model of the WorLd
that is far more precise than the actual MentalModel
of RainerWasserfuhr.


with TdFee from FabOne in DvbLinie81 and LinieDreizehn to AlaunPark.	
EntZuecken.

Missed FabDate with the EinKaeuferin.

SmokeJob with MrMing about GlobalWafer HalfPitch20nm CalculationsPerSecondPerDollar FabView.

SchnackJob about FpGa FreeSilicon ElectricEda MindWafer.

GlobalFoundries is looking for a ConTractor for a WaferMonitoring SoftWare.
Required MindSkill: HtMl AjAx RichFaces SeamFramework HibernateAnnotations ApacheMaven COnFluence. 

=2011-08-22:0000 L:BalkonEuropas=

wrote FromDishwasherToMillionaire


=2011-0821:2304 L:TheaterPlatz=

Achsen - GeLassen'heit - grandezza - WahrNehm

ca :1930 bis :2140 im ZwergenSchloss mit WunderKind SchnueffChen und GottDerGase.
Den MasterPlan für die TransparentFab gebrieft.
LoewenJagd'en: RalfLippold YvonneDieSonne HannasSchwester.
Das SchnueffChen die BeGriff'e CamelCase und WiKi ErKlaer'en lassen.
SingularVille EngLish BettWette KnusperFlocke TUringAward BamArni AirLiquide
FabNine GlobalWafer AbuDhabi TraumHaus.

Beim warten auf LinieSieben an HalteStelle mit langbärtigem Student der TuDresden
ins plaudern gekommen. Gemeinsam bis TharandterStrasse gefahren.
Der StandOrt DeutschLand wird an der DatenSchutz ParaNoia zugrunde gehen.
EeePc MeeGo SolidState StreetView TransparentEnterprise
GlobalFoundries StudiVz LinkedIn FaceBook FaceRecognition TraumFirma
TwittEr JfSchlinck

AUf dem TheaterPlatz mit YvonneDieSonne und AnHang geplaudert 
und RalfLippold mit AnHang gesehen.
RalfLippold GlobalFoundries EightyKay MindBroker SiView JoergKeller 
JanBoehme UbiGrate SeDo LebensAbschnittsParty

TrueMusic tweet fand a bisserl resonanz.

=2011-08-17:0220 L:TraumWohnung=

AticPitch GeWitter HuaWei PuppQueue

=2011-08-16:1845 L:WilschDorf=

DeformationProfessionelle UmZug ReadyForEquipment

=2011-08-15:1100 L:DvbLinie81=

Message for EinKaeuferin:
http://www.kurzweilai.net/the-law-of-accelerating-returns
The Law of Accelerating Returns Applied to the Growth of Computation
(later posted at https://www.facebook.com/doreen.spange/posts/255446921146776 )

=2011-08-14:2201 L:BalkonEuropas=

My recent EeePc R105 is the result of the experiment "cheapest TuringMachine
with KeyBoard money can buy".

could be nice to redesign BigTableNomic and SingularVille around my LifeStream 
(InterTwing'ling DelIcioUs TwittEr GooglePlus).

just wondering for what a CatShit thousands of people pay dozens of EuRo #HelgeSchneider #ShiningMind

FaceIt: The global SocialContract will be redefined on top of IsoOsi #LevelNine

recently some thoughts about WifiMesh as part of PieschenRevolution.
Or for the MiiuWiki: A ResilientInternet beyond NationState ContRol.



=2011-08-14:1423 L:TraumWohnung=

How about a generic vocabulary for MindPattern that have a WikiPage in
the MindWiki?

TraumWohnung.clean();

=2011-08-14:1404 L:TraumWohnung=

schreibe TageBuch.

=2011-08-13=

Mit der EinKaueferin TeeGadrom SoGo

Mit der EinKaueferin beim BurgerMeister

Mit der EinKaueferin im RasKollNiKoff

Mit GretChen auf dem BalkonEuropas

Mit GretChen in der DiplomAusstellung

Mit GretChen und TiziaStein zum FlohMarkt an der AlbertBruecke

=2011-08-12:2104=

räume alten (draft?) tweet auf dem SemperPhone:
"JeDoch werden wir in der L:NooSphere bald WildeOrgien abhalten gegen die eine "party" AnnoDomino2011 wie ein schales SionKoelsch schmecken wird #KommUnion"

=2011-08-11:1100 DvbLinie81=

2012

police looses ContRol
private security is the new default to secure you wealth
currencies coexist, but mostly on cash basis
weapons
GlobalSubmarines is a prototypical network
 * suppliers
entire landscape of RealEstate and property vanished
loyalty to NationState diminshes
you have to *create* you own SocialNetwork to survice

=2011-08-11:~0940 =
un-AchtSam eine Reisebus rückwärts auf eine befahrene
strasse

Ubahn unterirdisches Tunnelsystem, HighTech anschlagspläne
sozusagen expost-dramatisierung des fahrlässigen unfalls.
Interims-Teer.



=2011-08-08:1050 L:DvbLinie81=

GlobalWafer

=2011-08-07:2044 L:AlaunPark=

schreibe die SingularAufstellung als teil von FaustDrei

=2011-08-07:2000 L:NeuStadt=
der HeinRich sitzt im AlaunPark und schreibt seinen FaustDrei
(kann leider keine sms empfangen,nur per skype senden)


=2011-08-07:1820 L:NeuStadt=
Hallo wonneweib-dummerweise liegt mein handyladekabel in WilschDorf: falls 
Dir auch nach treffen ist, bin ich von 18:30 bis 19h im laika
(kann leider keine sms empfangen,nur per web senden) lg rainer

15771583285


=2011-08-06:2204 L:BalkonEuropas=
FabVille-DomainModel:
 * CleanRoom
 * FabTool {{{:name}}}
 * ChipWafer
 * MicroChip

The InGame RuleSet will incentivate users to use one and only 
one RealName AvaTar (RoleModel: the FaceBook RuleSet)
AvaTar *can* have more then one location.

=2011-08-06:2152 L:BalkonEuropas=
BioHack --> http://twitpic.com/620w9t

What will happen when these machines will
be out of the bottle, connected to a global
mesh. When BioHack'ing will become a global
PostReal game with deep economic ImPact?
NotIfButWhen and how will the chips get
into the brains of these machines?

=2011-08-06:2107 L:BalkonEuropas=
DomainModel for MindChat:
simply a persistent mapping of ChatMessage,
along with GameMove.

=2011-08-06:2047 L:BalkonEuropas=
MasterPlan and RoadMap for TheNooSphere:
start with simple IsoMetric games based
on BigTableNomic with ClosureLib and ChannelApi. Mostly MobileFirst.
Create MindChat that incentivates CamelCase and
LanguageOfThought. All games connected via PieschenBank.
Create rich ecosystem of developers tools ScreenCast's and tutorials.

=2011-08-06:2047 L:BalkonEuropas=
karmatische verstimmungen mit dem ZwergenSchloss - dann
behalte doch Deinen IkEa-hammer.

=2011-08-06:~1120=
BasSpace

=2011-08-05=
not motivated for KaiserParty.

=2011-08-03=
thought about a WorldMap where
different local IsoMetric BrowserGame's
(CarVille FabVille PieschenBank SingularVille)
could be linked to real places (BmwWerkLeipzig WilschDorf
BallSaal LockSchuppen).
All this together is called "NooSphere".


=2011-07-30:2227 L:TraumWohnung=

wrote MindInside

=2011-07-25:0100=

wrote AndrewBerwick

=2011-07-17:2332=
HowTheMindWorks: Started to think the MindWiki towards an active representation of RealLife. The "MentalGraph" could be a FixedPoint suiting a smooth evolution from the broadly known SocialGraph MetaPhor towards LargeScale CognitiveComputing.

BrainStorm: EmBodiment AiGame HttpServletRequest WahrNehm


=2011-07-15:1606 L:RaumHelsinki=

MiGro MaPet RaWa


=2011-07-11:2103 L:ChardinBank=

PieschenRevolution PieschenBank LeaderShip OrgChart
GlobalGrid MiIu LifeWiki KlausKusanowsky DresdenWall HeMo CoHe
StadtBerlin TobiasKaufmann WardsWiki RecentOnTop GlobalGrid 
FabView GretChen LeaderShip UeberWach PayPal BitCoin NoMic


=2011-07-11:0052 L:HiltonDresden=

Eine HochZeit im CoselPalais - "DrLohse".

Der Tanz: morbide- MementoMori.

Spontane Verräumlichung der biologischen Paarungsdynamik.

Intimität und Aura. 

Für den ZukunftsRoman: Ca. AnnoDomini2032. PieschenRobotics

"Schon" AnnoDomini2032?

AnnoDomini2029: RainerTest. Ab dann wird alles ganz schnell gehen.
Auf den globalen Cloud-Clustern stehen so viele Kapazitäten
zur Verfügung, dass die IntelligenceExplosion schlagartig
von Statten geht.

=2011-07-08 L:TraumWohnung=
Werfen wir mal einen kurzen Blick auf die Zahlen:

FaceBook schaffte in 7 Jahren eine MarketCap von 0 auf von 70b.
Davon gehen 24% an MarkZuckerberg.

(Noch schneller ging es bei MarcPincus: ZyngaInc startete AnnoDomini2007 und dürfte beim BoersenGang
AnnoDomino2011 eine MarketCap von rund 10b UsDollar erreichen.)

???und wird immer unwahrscheinlicher???

Bei über 750m MonthlyActiveUser sind das knapp 100 UsDollar/PerSon.
die werden erwirtschaftet von 2-3 tausend Mitarbeitern in PaloAlto und anderen NiederLassung'en auf PlanetErde.


Die dürften bei der GoogleInc ziemlich ähnliche Verteilungsmuster aufweisen.


2011-07-07: the poor BandWidth of my UmtsStick prevented the participants of this HangOut from admiring this amazing PanOrama in the background of my WebCam: http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datei:CanalettoDresden_oberhAugBrck.JPG ;) #LocalPatriotism