The WebEditor is a tool that helps you to create, edit, evaluate, test  and publish CloJure SourceCode on your FloatingBoats WebApp, ForExample:

 http://pieschenbank.de/edit

It is similar to a WiKi, where you can edit the ConTent of a WebPage, but here you can also store CloJure SourceCode as content of a WikiPage, and immediately evaluate and execute the SourceCode. Therefore you can call the WebEditor a "CodeWiki".

==Signin==
Our WebApp does not store a PassWord. You can SignIn with your existing account at either
 * FaceBook
 * GoogleProfile
 * TwittEr
 * LinkedIn
 * YaHoo or
 * OpenId

==Resource==
Each WikiPage can be published as a resource with a certain URL suffix. Before you can test, your WikiPage gets a unique PageId (which is actually the key of the underlying BigTable entity)

==Lifecycle==
Each WikiPage has a typical LifeCycle:
 * *edit*: First you create a WikiPage or edit an existing one, preferably with HiccupClj.
 * *eval*: then you test the WikiPage by evaluating your RequestHandler function
 * *validate*: Optionally you can validate your new page with the W3C HtmlValidator.
 * *publish*: If you are happy with your result you can publish it under your chosen resource name

==Filter==
In the WebEditor you can filter revisions of a certain 
ReSource by clicking the "(f)" link in front of the ReSource.

==Type==
Each CodePage has a type.
 * */clj*: CloJure SourceCode that might be evaluated as a RequestHandler
 * *clj*: CloJure SourceCode that might be evaluated as an expression by a RequestHandler or another expression
 * *wiki*: WikiPage in WikiSyntax that might be rendered by the `wikify` function of the RootHandler

==Diff==
You can compare the differences between two CodePage revisions
by selecting their checkboxes and pressing the "diff" button.