RaLi InBox 

A TelePresence experiment:

What would we discuss if we would if we would sit together in a MeetingRoom.

Ich will mal ein kleines Experiment starten.
Das Wesen vieler heutiger SocialMedia-Angebote wie
FaceBook ist, dass sie zwar Informationen zu PerSon'en bringen,
aber noch nicht alle MoegLich'keiten für
koordinierte gemeinsame Aktivitäten bis hin zur Gründung von
UnterNehmen oder gar ganzen MicroNation's ausschöpfen.
Ein digitalen Punkt schaffen, zu dem mehrere Menschen
wiederkehren.

Please write a WikiDialog:
 * RaWa: RecentChangesJunkie


@RaLi: You are already familiar with MindWiki.
This is now also going to be the foundation of SingularAcademy.
For LockSchuppen, we could reinforce the magic of a EnterpriseWiki,
In this SemanticSixSigma, the RecentChanges will become "RecentStatements",
where each WikiPage creates SemanticWeb stateMents.
e.g.

AbundanceBook
 * DcAuthor: PeterDiamandis StephenKotler

DublinCore, a widely used standard for formally describing
AuthorShip MetaData publications in a MachineReadable way.
"DcAuthor: "
it will create the two StateMent
 * 

When another RecentChangesJunkie reads 
and they are not only informed about your KnowLedge,
but they can also acknowledge or correct your StateMent's,
in that is very similar to TestDrivenDevelopment, practiced
by hundreds of thousands of SoftWare developers around the WorLd.


lateron I would like to extend
SeSiSi into "RealLife" with an experiment called "TuringSpace"
where as much as possible activities of the attendees are recorded
and related to our WorldModel. think of EmotivEpoc or the GoogleGlasses.
